[minor,docs] Clarify *final results* in DataStream execution mode docs (#14236)
apache/flink: docs/dev/datastream_execution_mode.md

Apache Flink's unified approach to stream and batch processing means that a
DataStream application executed over bounded input will produce the same
*final* results regardless of the configured execution mode. It is important to
note what *final* means here: a job executing in `STREAMING` mode might produce

> incremental updates (think upserts in a data base) while a `BATCH` job would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
incremental updates (think upserts in a database) while a `BATCH` job would
```
